Usability Test: Scrum-tious
Fall, 2015
Food for Thought


Introduction
Thank you for agreeing to do this usability test for our Android kitchen management app, Scrum-tious.  As software engineers, we would like to see first-hand what it’s like for real people to use the app, which we hope will help us improve the app.  
We’re testing the app, not you.  You can’t do anything wrong here.  We want to hear exactly what you think about the app.  Be honest and don’t worry about hurting our feelings.  That will help us find problems that exist and will help us fix them.
For the test, we’ll ask you to do certain tasks and we’d like you to think out loud while you’re doing them.  If you have questions, just ask.  If you have comments, go ahead and say them.  We’ll record your comments, but won’t make them public.  If, for any reason, you’d like to quit this test, then just say so.

Background Questions
Before we begin, do you have any questions for me?
Do you have a smartphone? Android or iPhone?
How often do you use it? all the time / sometimes / occasionally / rarely
Have you used any cooking/kitchen apps in the past? Which ones?

The Test
1.	Reactions to the main page – what is your general impression of the home page?  Are you tempted to click on anything?  Is it clear to you what all the elements are page are for?
 
2.	General tasks:

a)	Can you view the weekly meal plan? What are we having for Sunday dinner? How would you add a dish to have for lunch next Wednesday? Supper on Thursday?

b)	Can you figure out how to view a list of recipes in alphabetical order? Recent recipes? Favorite recipes?

c)	Can you add a recipe to make on Tuesday from here (the recipe book?)

d)	Can you figure out how to add a note to a recipe?

e)	Navigate to the shopping list. How many dairy items do you need to buy for the next week’s meals? 

f)	Can you figure out how to add a non-recipe item to the shopping list? Remove an item from the shopping list?


Thanks

Before we wrap up, do you have any questions?

Thanks for your willingness to help us test our new app.  It is still in development, so we appreciate your help in fixing it up.  We’ll keep the data from your individual session private and will only release aggregate data.  Have a great day/afternoon/evening!




